hi to all the great couturiers
I think this video will be interesting to a
who is interested in seeing how
there is an increase in skill
after 100 thousand points i.e.
to achieve the milestone of the discovery of prints and
editable patterns a winter video because
that I once had it very
I wonder how she does it like
prints open and now specially
for this I and as you see there is no
125 points to increase skill level
I'll just buy
this increase soon u increase by 1
skill level order 75 coins as
see i have them even more for her
so here's how it happens
increasing skill level and we see
what besides
son of a colors of clothes and pattern colors
And we have an editable pattern available.
eprint and prints I have already opened 13 pieces
this is my 14 print
can push otherwise 2 game will
save photos on your page
this is such a trick of developers i click
cancellation
and now we can see what we
discovered how to print the new will
look at our clothes
under choose let's say 56 dress
white color open all ordinary simple
patterns
p and editable quarrels are not open yet
but there will be this window when I
starting to open
here is a 14 piece printer
wow so now try it
increase doktor
You can generally a lot of interesting
create even compositions with one print
I'm not talking about when open
all print or who so many prints
openly in general fantasy can just
work endlessly if you have a
because there is based on what
print and of course the game can be interesting
twist them, twist differently soul
please and do a lot of different interesting
things and well, in general, there is all that
I wanted to show in this video and if
have any questions or something
I will always be glad to answer you
their group for students and not only
all thanks for watching and goodbye